Sibao wake up
Four Treasures Mommy
Four Treasures will be obedient
Don't go small, right?
Xi Shao, don't be angry
How could I not be angry?
This is a kid.
Lily, I know you don't have a good relationship with Xia Zhu
So what?
You can't take it out on a child.
Xi Shao, you misunderstood people
This child is Xia Zhu, he gave it to me
Send you to make it clear
Xia Zhu recently worked with a private affairs group
Walk very close
He is determined to marry into a wealthy family
But afraid
Private individuals have opinions on his four retirement items
That's why you gave me this baby.
If you don't believe me
You see
How could he do such a thing?
This is his own flesh and blood
Don't worry, Xi Shao
Xia Zhu is so cruel to abandon the child
Fortunately, you met me
I will take care of him in the future.
I didn't expect you to be so kind to this child.
Of course!
What about me and Xia Zhu?
It won't involve a child.
By the way, Xi Shao
I plan to hold an engagement party in a few days
What do you think of calling all the old classmates up?
OK
I knew that Master Xu loved me the most